So let's start with the.
Brute force.
Did we have this this initially?
Finally, that means we have 100.
Finally, and we will.
What we'll do is when we have hundred guys.
Ten, 20, 30, 40.
This is the.
Destination.
What we'll do is we'll be divided into two parts, as in here or here or here.
Okay.
So we have two parts.
That means.
Okay, let me write it in the index for you.
Initially the 0 to 3 I've defined down from 0 to 3.
What I'll do is I'll simply find the answer from 0 to 0 first because I'm this means I'm having this
first group which is 020 find answer from 1 to 3 and add them in return.
Me right was the second good?
This is the second good for the second year.
This second is about 0 to 1 and 2 to 3.
And what's the third grade about?
The third card is about zero two.
Who?
And.
You do that with this group?
So I hope you got what I mean from going in the opposite order that finally this will be the solution.
But where is this final solution coming from?
It is ever coming.
It will only come from two places.
Eight.
This.
This, this, this or this?
Right.
So.
Yeah.
So let's root for a solution first.
So of course we can name the states that states naming is not that of let's name the states.
The state is normally by committee, which means give me the best answer.
If I read from it, today is being used.
So the minimum.
Cost of operations.
Eddie Edwards used to let me read Rufus and.
I hope you understood the brute force rate, but I am not moving on to the solution.
Just writing a brute force solution to what stuck any.
And it is 400.
Well, yeah, it's taken.
Also we will be nearing the area.
Eight.
Who at stake?
It's making zero base index only not a big deal.
Yeah.
Let's deejay again.
And now we will simply select BP zero command minus one.
Well, what does this do better than me?
It has two places, Eleanor.
Look at this.
Is there.
Give me the best answer.
The foreign editor.
What can he do?
If I write brute force, he can cut their head into two parts.
They look at this is the first part.
This will finally become one particular value.
This is the second part.
This will become one particular value.
Give me the best chance of the first fight.
Give me the best chance for the second part, and then we'll combine the one.
I start with the second part and get the coffee right.
So.
So let's initially answer it zero and let's start A from L and let's make it go to what these many girls
will have to.
From the islands, that is.
And so we live and many Spaniards hate.
But what if I is equals to it?
It means that I'm talking about from L to eight and I plus one.
Two are there are two parts.
I'm making this cut between I, I enables one.
Well so what we'll have we'll have answers, Max of answer combined BP.
Well, right now I'm talking about the first part.
The first part is starting from l going to like l do it eight.
And the second part is going from I plus one to IDE because I have this guide from.
I have.
I've discovered between I you know your bliss when I'm making that part.
Plus, what is the cost, guys?
What is the cost of this?
If I'm having this go between l do I n I wonder what the cost of it will be.
Very simple rate, because both of them will combine into one particular value.
Hey, that means the Eddie Alvarez win combined into one rally.
If they're a risk combining into one value value, their loss will be equal to the sum of the summary.
What example?
In this case, it was under two eight.
Because this 10 to 40 is being combined to find it.
Now, let's see.
Let's have this that only ten, 20, 30, 40, 50.
And I know I'm talking about this already rate.
So for this nobody goes first card will be made here, second grade will be made here.
But cost of both the cards will be same.
What will be the cost of both the cards?
The cost of the guards will be equal to 50 plus 40 plus 30 because BP means that this is the final step.
When I'm getting this answer, it's the final step.
This whole area has been shrink to 1 million.
That's that answer is being calculated by BP by further dividing this added pool.
So what is the cost value?
So instead of taking cost value here, what we can do is we can add cost value later in month.
So because cost is seen for all the goods, so cost will be equal to some from L to what the error is,
some to.
So let's write a function which will return me the sum from L2 eight.
So what I can do is I can take up and fix them.
Let me take a prefix, Eddie.
Prefix and we all know how to calculate prefix sums.
If i.e. let's say prefix i classic goes to prefix i minus one.
They?
The fix of IED goes to a.
Well, this.
So this is normal prefix calculation and this is some primary to it.
So it's zero based indexing that means.
The sum should contain prefix odd minus prefix, but if excel minus one, this should be the same rate.
But what if L is equal to zero?
That will have a special case and it's just right in one line.
Only if Eliquis two zero.
Underdone.
Zero.
The race written prefix of Halloween is one.
Well, and let me simply write it.
I hope this works for all of us.
If early zero, I don't have to subtract anything.
I don't have to subtract the effects of el minus on.
This is the sum and I simply didn't answer.
Got it.
So here what we have is we have this advice that is actually being done.
So because normally calculating max and not calculating minimum and regulating maximum rate.
So let's take minimum.
Well, it's a hit.
I would hope so, but.
Is this?
The correct solution?
Sure.
Should it be hundred days?
No.
Right.
Let me check.
Where am I going wrong?
If I want something from a steward where Alan ordered inclusive.
If that is, you know, this advice.
Okay.
So let's take it for a small case.
And in 20.
Okay.
I got the problem.
The problem is that I don't have a.
This case is basic, is needed case if l is equal to r.
If Al is equal to Khaled, what happens when Al is equal to ah.
If there's only one value added security, then zero.
Eight.
If it is equal to what I have put it in zero because I can't combine one single area value three to
Google Glass has to be zero.
There's something that is missing in the brute force solution.
That's why we're not getting a correct answer.
Let me talk about these three items.
20 and 30.
What should be the answer?
Firstly, we are combining ten and 20 and then we are going 30 and 31.
I think.
1800, but it should be 190.
Okay.
So what?
I've taken the input.
The input is correct.
And it's correct.
But if some.
Calculations should be correct.
Let me check previous some calculation.
1036 6008.
And all of this, folks.
What I'm doing is I'm fighting.
Okay.
Sorry.
My word.
I'm thinking minimum and I in this late answer to be zero.
What, what?
What what's happening here, guys?
The answer is zero for all the cases.
And when this is the final, Eddie, when I'm making the last card, then what is the sum?
From what?
What are some parallels to what went into the final good?
02n minus one.
It is zero eight, so it is one.
So therefore I'm getting a hundred in and it again, they two answers should not be zero.
It should be some bigger value.
Yeah ended about nine in the phone and it gives me around ended about well let's take one year.
No problem with it.
Well.
And I know we were wondering, did I?
Because I usually do.
Guys are too busy, you know, because I took Maximilian, but then I changed maximum.
But I did not change the default value of answer.
Well, so.
So that's what I was thinking.
Do I need to be as kids when all is equal to are?
Think about this.
What if I don't use the base case?
If I don't use a base case, then let's say that all is equal.
Do I?
This loop won't work.
If this look won't work, that means in my answer I will be taking some premature rate.
So that should not be considered hate supported.
I can use a base case and if you don't want to use the base case, what you can do is inside this loop
here, you can take the sum value.
Right because of you know, the some is giving me some from 8 to 18 of one time only because already
prefix calculation is right now if it is equal to r.
That means.
If let's let's see if L is equal to R in this function.
So until 1118 grade this for a loop won't work and it really didn't move any 88.
So is this correct?
Yes.
Eight because the edit would never be off.
Land went.
It is starting from two.
But what if we reach the bases even at anywhere near 18 and that will be added to another one year?
If that's the case.
And are going to be.
Something they hate.
But we are getting very big values.
That is when we're doing it right.
What we can do is we have to have the best case.
And Lisa goes to Oregon when suddenly ten zero because.
And then what happens is later there are only two values remaining.
Let's say ten in 2010 and 20, we have one get in middle of 1920.
So when we have one good case, that means deep one.
When it's called up to do is called, both of them are being combined.
DB one one plus W2 plus some from under the eight, a deep one one.
Leslie Trudeau should run me zero as the reason to get the wrong answer.
Great.
So good.
No problem with this.
And now what we can see is that what is the total complexity of this brute force solution?
That it is brute force, nothing else.
So what we have, we have a linear.
So this is n squared and square state, so possible.
But for all this huge world we have, we have a loop from actual which can be often in the worst case
eight, which is considering all the codes we are making.
What is this?
Every good means that this is one particular section.
This is one under subsection.
The section as it don't answer.
This has an own answer and then we are combining it.
So they always remember this one line that I'm going to repeat the tank.
The one thing that I'm combining ten and 21st think if I'm combining them with the rest of the distributor
toward the end and how will we form the answer?
I'm just going in the opposite order.
Just remember this, that we if if this garden is for the end part and not the first part eight I'm
making this card.
It doesn't mean I'm combining ten and 20 and combining ten with the answer for this whole array.
Eight.
So I'm just moving in the opposite order, not in the order in which he has asked me to.
Well, this thing that if I'm doing if I'm doing this operation at the end.
Eight late because then there will be two values only, and then one value will be made.
What?
Those two values, guys?
There will be three values only in the end.
And then one of those really should be combined with those two values.
Well, maybe you have an IQ solution, but of course, here will have many overlapping problems in the
reading states.
So what we can do is we can memorize it.
Let's memorize it.
Right.
And grows and grows and grows.
And states are there.
Of course, these are calculations for Wolf and for all those states which will give me or even give
solution eight.
So let's memorize it quickly.
Memo.
And odd the answer not equal to 2018.
A big value added in answer.
Well.
Otherwise he'll go here.
And do the part.
Okay.
And.
Can.
Can it be negative?
No, because we are always learning and they are all positives.
So instead of an idealistic minus one.
Because again, I'm sitting by minus one.
Memo sent a memo minus one.
Base of.
Well, if not, they didn't answer otherwise.
This.
Ma'am.
I'm getting my innocence and that's a mistake.
Nobody goes to minus one.
Didn't answer.
What did I do wrong?
Mama said Mama's minus one side of mama.
Great.
And what is this?
Okay.
Let's do one thing.
Let's leave Mahmoud with zero.
I'm not getting very drunk.
I'm doing something wrong, I guess.
Okay.
The answer is it goes to memory a lot and.
And then I will be from the roof.
The only.
Okay.
Answer, answer.
It goes to this.
Okay.
Again, this is a mistake.
I'm digging zero here, but.
If it is a nautical to the rendered Indian, so otherwise it is equal to zero eight.
Again, the same mistake here.
Answer is it goes to zero and I'm doing the minimum thing.
The first one were great.
What I will do is I think was proven anything.
Everything's right with something big party for that again.
I did the same mistake.
Well.
The I was taking one year earlier.
Ignore their dates.
Only a little second.
So that's why it might be happening.
Well.
Mm hmm.
So let's it on to.
What I won't take for any other issues.
I hope this works the way that I study will break.
Yeah.
It worked.
Seven milliseconds.
Complexity and square are the.
It's an orphan.
Look and say so.
This takes so much time.
If if you were calculating sum again in a game from A to Z, then it would have become and ended about
for solution so that to calculate the sum we need to fix them so that this returns me the value no over
thing.
Well.
So thank you guys in the next tutorial.